---
title: English-lesson01
date: 2019-10-18 20:45:22
tags: English
categories: English
description: English lesson
cover: /Depository/Img/Post/0009.jpg
top_img: /Depository/Img/Post/0008.jpg
---

---

My name is Everett. My friends call me Eve. I am twenty-four years old. I am Chinese. I come from Guizhou. There are three people in my family. I have one younger brother. We are not rich, but we are a happy family.

---

Mike:    Hi! My name is Mike.
Nancy:   Hi! I'm Nancy. Nice to meet you.
Mike:    Nice to meet yo, too.
Nancy:   Where are you from?
Mike:    I'm from Shanghai. And you?
Nancy:   I'm from Chicage.

---

My father is a teacher. He works during the day. My mother is a nurse. She works at night. They only see each other on the weekends.

My brothers, my sister and I don't work. We are students. Because my parents have to work, we do the housework. But we never complain.

---

Tony:    What do you do, Jenny?
Jenny:   I'm a secretary. And you?=
Tony:    I'm a construction worker.
Jenny:   Do you like your work?
Tony:    Yes, I do. How about you?
Jenny:   Well, I want to be an actress.

---

I have a good friend. His name is Tony. He has an older sister. Her name is Tina. Their parents are Mr. and Mrs. Wang. Tony also has a dog. Its name is Rover.

The Wangs are my neighbors. We live on the same street. The Wangs are very nice. I am lucky because the Wangs are such good neighbors.

---

Mrs. Lee:   Is this your dog?
Tony:       Yes, it is. Why?
Mrs. Lee:   Well, your dog chasds my cat.
Tony:       Oh, I'm sorry.
Mrs. Lee:   Please keep your dog on a leash.
Tony:       Yes, ma'am.

---

Tony and Tina are very different. Tony likes musice. Tina doesn't. Tony is an athlete. Tina isn't.

On the other hand, Tina likes movies, but Tony doesn't. She is a good student, but he isn't.

Tony and Tina are brother and sister, but are they alike? No, they aren't. They're very different.

---

Joe:      Do you speak Spanish?
Jeannie:  No, I don't.
Joe:      Does he speak Spanish?
Jeannie:  Yes, he does.
Joe:      Is he from Spain?
Jeannie:  No, he isn't. He's from Mexico.

---

It's a busy day at the Wangs' house. Mr. Wang is fixing his bike. Mrs. Wang is writing a letter. Tina is reading a book. Tony is exercising.

Even the dog is busy. It's chasing a cat. The cat is running for its life.

The Wangs are busy, but they're having fun.

---

Betty and Bob are talking on the telephone.
Betty:    Hi, Bob. What are you ding?
Bob:      I'm watching TV. How about you?
Betty:    I'm doing my homework.
Bob:      You are a good student, Betty.

---
